README.md, before:

# Godostra
###### Free cross-platform 3D real-time strategy (RTS) game using [godot 3.x](http://docs.godotengine.org/en/3.0/)

### Goals

* clone the [MegaGlest engine](https://megaglest.org) using completely different source code
* implement many new features
* offer contribution opportunities to other developers
* create a game that's easy to mod

### Status
* Terrain - almost finished, included 85 maps and 4 tilesets
* Units - not started
* Pathfinder - not started
* AI - not started
* Multiplayer - not started

![Godostra Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/gHjANjH.jpg)

### Contributing

We are currently creating Godostra using the development version of the godot engine.
See their documentation for all the [necessary information to build and run the latest
version](http://docs.godotengine.org/en/3.0/development/compiling/index.html)
of the godot engine.

Please see our [contributing
guidelines](https://github.com/Godostra/godostra/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for important information about submitting patches.

Commit message:

Added contact section to readme

README.md, after:

# Godostra
###### Free cross-platform 3D real-time strategy (RTS) game using [godot 3.x](http://docs.godotengine.org/en/3.0/)

### Goals

* clone the [MegaGlest engine](https://megaglest.org) using completely different source code
* implement many new features
* offer contribution opportunities to other developers
* create a game that's easy to mod

### Status
* Terrain - almost finished, included 85 maps and 4 tilesets
* Units - not started
* Pathfinder - not started
* AI - not started
* Multiplayer - not started

![Godostra Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/gHjANjH.jpg)

### Contact
If you want to stay in touch, feel free to join our [Discord Server](https://discordapp.com/invite/kNyvzzq)



### Contributing

We are currently creating Godostra using the development version of the godot engine.
See their documentation for all the [necessary information to build and run the latest
version](http://docs.godotengine.org/en/3.0/development/compiling/index.html)
of the godot engine.

Please see our [contributing
guidelines](https://github.com/Godostra/godostra/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for important information about submitting patches.
